

FAQs ( Frequently Asked Questions )



Lunch facility at Confiz?​​​​​​​
You can bring lunch from your home or take it from the vendor arranged by the administration in Confiz Cafeteria located on the 2nd floor, any time from 1:00 pm to 2:30 pm. Office attendants will be there to assist you and provide clean crockery.



What about Tea?
Tea setup is in place in each office of Confiz (all floors), you can help yourself and make the tea as per your desired taste. Office attendants ensure the availability of clean crockery and material for tea.



How to park my car/bike?
Bike: A parking sticker can be obtained from the administration, and it should be parked at plaza basement parking. If a parking sticker is not available, then it can be parked at ground floor plaza parking by paying minimal charges.
Car: They require a parking sticker that is issued by the administration because without a sticker car cannot be parked in the basement. This plaza has limited parking space, so Confiz acquired a parking space adjacent to the center point plaza. When you reach the office then call Captain (03224442156) to park your car at that place.



How do I get salaries? 
We transfer salary at the end of the month to our neighboring Askari Bank/Standard Chartered account. HR arranges a session with SCB on-premises to facilitate opening a salary account in SCB. You need to open the account and provide your account number to the Finance Department via email @ Finance@confiz.com.



How can contact IT Services, Administration, and HR for its services?
If you need any hardware/Software/Account support, then please log the request in the JIRA IT Services project; Link: https://confiz.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/ITS/boards/175
​​​If you need any kind of assistance related to HR then please log the request in the JIRA H2H Project and assign it to HR handler; Link: https://confiz.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/H2H/boards/466
If you need any kind of help related to the office environment or space problem, then please log a ticket in JIRA Admin project; Link: https://confiz.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/ADMIN/boards/194

Relocation Process to US
In general, the following documentation is necessary for working and living abroad
Passport
Appropriate Visa
Official Work Permit
Social Security Card
Birth Certificate
Medical Records
International Health Insurance Card
Pre-Requisites



Team members must be exempt and have worked for Confiz Limited for no less than 1 full unbroken year.
Team members must be chosen by HR or Leadership for relocation to the U.S.
A team member must have, or apply and be approved for an E, H, or L Visa approved and stamped.



Step 1: Salary Package
People and Culture will present a formal US employment offer letter to you. You will need to review, sign, and return this document to People and Culture to finalize your U.S. salary package.  Please note that Confiz LLC is a separate company, so joining it will end your employment with Confiz Limited.  Make sure to read your offer letter carefully and address any concerns with your People representative.



Step 2: People & Culture and Finance Clearance
People and Culture will update each chosen team member of their relocation package.  Together with the Finance team, the time frame for your departure will need to be coordinated along with when you will receive the monies towards your relocation package.  This money will be used to book airline tickets for you and the immediate family members traveling with you, your temporary housing in the U.S, food, and other essential items needed before your start date. 



Step 3: Goodbye Confiz Limited
Team members will need to work with People & Culture and their team members to finalize employment at Confiz Limited.  This may include handing over projects, turning in badges or equipment specific to Confiz Limited, completing employees’ surveys and finalizing projects and communications with local clients.  Saying goodbye to Confiz Limited also means saying goodbye to the current culture of the company and its policies.  Confiz LLC, as team members will find has policies relevant to U.S. culture and may be quite different that Confiz Limited.



Step 4: Travel Arrangements
The admin team will assist in finalizing your travel arrangement with your consultation.  Please take time to review available flights to the U.S.  Keep in mind potential layovers and flight changes.  Traveling alone or with adults, it may be beneficial to take the most direct flights to ensure early arrival.  However, the flights are long, and traveling with small kids may require breaks and time to stretch your legs by incorporating 1 or 2 layovers.  If you have a flight change, be mindful of the time of the connecting flight.  Less than 1-hour layovers may prove difficult to travel from one area of an airport to another in time to catch the connecting flight.



Step 5:  Prepare for Travel
Please confirm the location you are traveling to and pack accordingly.  Our customer locations range from Dallas, TX, and Bentonville, AR with peak summer temperatures in excess of 100 degrees Fahrenheit to Reston, VA with multiple snowstorms during the winter months.  Typically, the coldest winter season is from October to February.
As you prepare for travel, please check with the immigration protectorate office in Model Town Lahore if you need a protector stamp on your Visa.  Ideally, this stamp is only needed on Visas that are secured by the government of Pakistan.  However, you could possibly face issues at the airport if you do not have the correct stamp. 



Step 6: What to Pack
When thinking of what to pack for your trip, think of the absolute essentials.  This will include:
Visa/Passport
Money
Work laptop
Family photos
Clothes
Shoes
Coat/Jacket
Family valuables such as jewelry
Please keep in mind there are stores here, and you will be able to purchase plates, cups, toiletry, food, etc.  If it is something you cannot live without, or that is irreplaceable, you should pack it.



Step 7: Accommodation
The first thing you will need when landing in the U.S is a place to stay.  Don’t try to finalize a place to live in before arriving in the U.S.  It is preferred to find temporary housing for the first few weeks at a hotel or Airbnb, then hunt rental houses when you have arrived.  You will have at least 7 days after arriving in the U.S to get settled before starting work.  Please use your time wisely and utilize a checklist to ensure you are on top of your responsibilities.
Bentonville worksite is located at 1116 South Walton Blvd., suite 202 Bentonville, AR 72712. See below for possible places to stay near the worksite.
Furnished or Unfurnished Apartments-
Furnished apartments are sometimes difficult to find, but they are available.  Unfortunately, since they are furnished, they tend to be much more expensive.  It may be better to furnish your apartment, overtime as needed to cut down on monthly costs.
Bentonville, Arkansas
Affordable Hotels: Included below are names, addresses, phone numbers, and estimated nightly rates.
Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Bentonville South Rogers, AR  4304 W Walnut Street, Rogers, AR  72756. 479-633-0055 $65-75 nightly
Best Western Plus Castlerock Inn & Suites, 501 SE Walton Blvd, Bentonville, AR  72712m 479-845-7707 $70-85 nightly
Avid Hotel Bentonville-Rogers, 3402 Medlin Ln, Bentonville, AR 72712, 479-364-0450
Apartment:  Watercolors of Centerton Apartments, 1709 E Centerton Blvd, Centerton, AR  72719, 479-414-9337



Step 8: SSN
Your first priority when entering the United States is to apply for a Social Security Number (SSN), through the Social Security Administrator.  An SSN is a 9-digit unique identifier number issued to every person that receives or pays money to the United States Government.  Every authorized person to work in the U.S. is required to pay taxes and have an SSN.  Every person NOT authorized to work is not eligible for an SSN.  This means dependent spouses and children are not eligible for SSN.  The one exception to this rule is if a spouse is on an E2 Visa and applies for an Employment Authorization Document (EAD) from homeland security, they can receive an SSN.  For more details, consult the Social Security Administration’s website: https://www.ssa.gov/ssnnumber
All dependents of the employee can apply for an Individual Tax Identification Number (ITIN) with IRS (spouse and children).  This helps with tax filing.  Please use  this IRS interview to see if you need an ITIN and help with applying for one.
It is imperative to share your SSN with the HRBP once received.  You will receive a document to complete leading up to your first day of work in the U.S.  This document (New Hire Form) will require pertinent information about your residence, and bank account, and will require your SSN.




Step 9: Driver’s License
Review your state’s license requirements by searching for the state’s local DMV (Department of Motor Vehicles) site.  Bring your international driving license from Pakistan as that will allow you to rent, buy or lease a car (varies from state to state).  Some states might even give you full license with a completed knowledge test and an international license.

Potential Requirements for U.S-

Proof of your date of birth.
Proof of legal presence in the US
Proof of Social Security
Proof of residential address
Pass driver’s test
Feel free to review these websites for more information. https://mydmv.arkansas.gov, https://www.txdmv.gov, https://www.state.nj.us/dmv




Step 10- Bank Account
Get a Bank or Credit Union account.  Most US Banks open an account for you if you have a valid residential address in the United States.  Some require proof of employment.  You will need the bank account to set up your ADP profile in the payroll system and to receive your payment.  You may be able to set up your Bank/Credit Union account online.  Pay close attention to the requirements for setting up your account.  This may include depositing and/or maintaining a certain amount of money in your account to keep it active and without fees.
Some banks in the Bentonville area close to the worksite include:
Arvest Bank
Regions Bank
Simmons Bank
First Horizon Bank




Step 11: Pay Cycle
Confiz LLC has a bi-monthly pay cycle.  This means you will get half of your monthly salary on or around the 15th of the month and the remaining amount on or around the last working day of the month.  You will need to manage your commitments (Rent, notes, bills, food, gas, etc.) with that in mind.  Note that a lot of financial institutions (including credit cards) and utilities allow selecting a particular due date of the month so you may be able to get your commitments changed to suit your needs.



Step 12:  Workplace Location
Verify where you will be working.  Employees may be required to work from home, worksite location, or onsite at a Walmart facility.  If you have to work in a Walmart facility, you may need a badge.  Please follows up with your Account Manager working on your project to get more details.  Until a badge is secured, you may need to be escorted by a team member.  Most Walmart buildings only allow full-time associates to escort non-badged team members in and out of the buildings.  While you are not in possession of a badge, please refrain from wandering in the Walmart buildings.
If you are working at the worksite in Bentonville, AR a door access code will be provided to you by People and Culture prior to your first day in the office.



Step 13:  Office Workplace Culture (Confiz or Customer Location)
You may notice some differences in the workplace culture after arriving in the United States.  Here are a few cultural interoffice differences to be aware of.
Business Casual- Most US offices are business casual.  While this style of dress means a more comfortable approach in the office, this still means no shorts, no flip-flops, or t-shirts. 
Tidiness-Most US offices do not have maids or a cleaning crew.  This means employees are responsible for keeping their work area and common areas in the office tidy and clean.  Employees are responsible for keeping office spaces free of clutter, food, and trash.
Respect of Privacy- Although true friendships and relationships can be derived and may be built from work relationships, the general rule is to keep conversations work-friendly.  Stay away from personal or private questions about your co-workers.  Employees may share information that is comfortable for them to share in their own time but should not feel pressured or put on the spot with random personal questions.
Conversations- In the office, employees should refrain from open gossip.  Personal conversations such as phone calls, or side conversations with co-workers should take place in the break area, outside, or even in the hall away from the common work area.
Work-Life Balance- US companies are big on work-life balance and strive to keep their work life and personal life separate. 
Protected characteristics – As per law age, gender reassignment, marital status, pregnancy, disability, race (including color, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion, and sexual orientation are protected characteristics and under no circumstances must be discussed or used as a point for discrimination.



Step 14: Children’s Continuous Education
If your children are brought to the US with you, make sure to bring all their school transcripts, leaving certificates, vaccination records, and original birth certificates to facilitate their continued education in the US.  You should contact the local school to get the admissions process started and the school will guide you through getting any missing vaccination, evaluation, etc.
As with any location, living space, bank, car, etc., take the time to research schools in the area to decide the best fit for your child and family.



Step 15: Main Retail Stores
Bentonville, AR and many areas of the US
Walmart- Walmart is a catchall store.  They are known for being the one-stop shop.  Containing clothes, food, furniture, cookware, cleaning products and electronics at a reasonable price.
Harps Food Stores- Grocery Store
Aldi- Supermarket.  Known for being large in size with lots of options, and items not found at other grocery stores.
Dollar General- Known to be a small, in-and-out, cost-effective catch-all.  Limited cold foods, dry foods, household items, and decorative furniture like picture frames.
India Mart- Known for great vegetable selections and a nice place to grab material for cooking South Asian meals.
Other shopping areas will include the local mall or shopping outlet for clothes and shoes, including solo stores such as TJ Maxx, Ross, Marshalls, and Academy.



Step 16: Buying a Car
New or Used cars are available for purchase at all the main car dealerships.  However, until credit has been established, an employee may need to purchase a vehicle with a local dealership.
In Bentonville, Arkansas, McLarty Daniel Nissan has been understanding to relocate employees with no credit. 
References
Confiz LLC People and Culture Policies
Confiz People and Culture has extensive policies documented for the LLC sister company.  All of the policies are documented here.  Please familiarize yourself with them and feel free to reach out to your People Business Partner with any questions.  During your relocation orientation, your People Business Partner will go over the policies and make sure you have a clear understanding of this new culture.

Travel request needs to be raised for all travels by using travel module on the HRIS (DECIBEL) Portal. 
All travel authorization should include the estimated cost of the hotel, rent a car, mode of travel and miscellaneous expenses which includes daily allowance. 

 

Travel desk will arrange all hotels and other travel arrangements. 
Email: travel.desk@confiz.com
Phone number: 042-35717906
Timings: 9AM to 7PM
All domestic travel requests (accommodation and tickets) shall be registered with the travel desk at least 24 hours in advance. In case of an emergency (less than 24 hours buffer), you can make arrangements yourself and later on get the expense reimbursed.
In case of international travel, the travel desk team should be notified at least 3 weeks prior to the scheduled date of departure.
 

Employee Responsibilities:
Employees subject to the policy are responsible for exercising proper business judgment and diligence when incurring travel expenses.
The expense shall be reimbursed in accordance with daily limits set forth by this policy.
If the reimbursement of an expense is not addressed in this policy, or in case of any confusion, whether an expense is acceptable as a business expense, please refer to your manager or P&C department.
Reporting expenses accurately and supporting all expenses with receipts and proper explanation in mandatory, unless policy states otherwise.
Completing and submitting expense reports in a timely manner.



Manager’s Responsibilities:
Managers are responsible for monitoring the individual travel and entertainment spending of employees in their teams.
Reviewing and approving expense reports within seven business days of receipt to ensure travel and entertainment expenditures are proper & reasonable.
Not allowing any non-reimbursable or inappropriate expenses, as outlined by this policy.
Following up on non-compliance and taking corrective action.



Approvals:
All domestic travels shall be approved by the relevant supervisors/Project Managers/Engagement Managers as the case may be. 
All International travel shall be recommended by the relevant supervisor and approved by the CEO/COO/SVP.



Domestic Travels:
 
Traveling:
Karachi/South where the distance is more than 500KM. Travel by air, economy class. The flights shall be booked by Company on receipt of request through travel module on the HRIS (DECIBEL) Portal, at least two weeks prior to the departure date.
Islamabad and other cities with a distance of less than 500KM. Travel by Daewoo, AC train, or through car if multiple team members are traveling together, they can share a car and claim Rs. 25 per kilometer, all-inclusive)
Managers and above can use their cars for business travel and can claim Rs. 25 per kilometer, plus toll tax on actual receipts through expense reimbursement.



Alloances/Lwimits
Lodging: Company-designated guest houses/hotels up to Rs. 10,000 exclusive of tax per night  OR Rs. 3,500 per day
Food allowance: Upto 2,500 per day (for all employees)
Local/within City Travel: Will be Reimbursed on Actual by submitting the original Bills. In the case of local taxis where bills are not applicable, the manager’s approval is required.
Own Car Travel: In case of traveling by own car, the reimbursement shall be made at the same rate of Rs. 25 per kilometer, and bike within the city Rs 9 per km.
Airport Pick/Drop: Airport pick/drop (to and from) through taxi or rent a car reimburse on the provision of actual bills and Line Manager Approval.




Traveling:
Travel by air, economy class on the most direct/economical route. The flights shall be booked by Company on receipt of request through the travel module on the HRIS (DECIBEL) Portal, at least three weeks prior to the departure date. 
A fixed transit allowance of $40 for a round trips shall be allowed for all international travels.
For travels up to 3 weeks and less than $ 4500 in expense, VP will sign the approval forms.
For travels longer than 3 weeks or more than $ 4500 in expense, SVP or CEO will sign the approval forms.
For all international travels where flight time is more than or equal to 6 hours, Senior Director and above staff members are entitled to travel in the business class (Families are not entitled to avail the facility).
If an employee is eligible for business class, travels on economy class, s/he can claim a benefit equal to 50% of economy cl​ass ticket cost.



Allowances/Limits (with the provision of actual bills)
Hotel will be booked by the company. $ 150 to $ 200
Economy car can be availed if 1 to 2 persons are traveling. If more than 2 persons are traveling then they can avail medium size car. This will be booked by the company.
Travel insurance will be provided by the company
Telephone bills can be reimbursed on providing the bills
Food allowance Limit: up to US$ 50 per day
If anyone is traveling in another city for which we do not have agreements with the hotel then travel coordinator will arrange in the area closer to work area.
Employee can use their own personal credit card for rent a car
Local/within city commutation US$ 30 per day
Airport pick/drop (to and from) through taxi or rent a car reimburse on provision of actual bills



Allowances/Limits (without bills)
Lodging: US$ 80 per day
Food allowance: US$ 40 per day
Local/within city commutation: US$ 20 per day
Food Allowances/Limits (without bills) for onsite work
New York City and San Francisco: US$ 55 per day
Rest of the cities in north America: US$ 50 per day



A day means an overnight stay (generally 24 hours). For example if one travels on 1st of October and returns back on 2nd of October. It will be considered a day for all purposes stated in this policy.
The entitlement of limits without receipts is applicable if someone makes his/her own arrangements and don’t want to keep all the records. Finance department will not ask for any bills and reimburse the stated limits on submission of travel claim form T1 and T2.
Full daily allowance will be admissible only if it involves an overnight stay. The food entitlement or daily allowance will not be admissible if the food is part the event/conference, the employee has registered for.
Local commutation allowance/limit will not be admissible if the employee is residing around the venue at a comfortable walking distance.
The closest flights to the event shall be booked and strictly the period required to attend a certain event will be considered as official travel. Any additional stay or early departure shall be on the personal account of employee unless it is due to unavoidable circumstances or non availability of flights etc.




Travel/Activity report (carrying all the details of work done during the travelling, meeting attended, rather all day to day activities) is mandatory for all travels, which shall be submitted to the supervisor/manager and a copy shall be attached with expense claim
Travel Claim should be submitted through travel module on the HRIS (DECIBEL) Portal to the Finance and Accounts Department within seven (7) days of travel along with original receipts, cash memos, bills, boarding pass and used tickets for payment and adjustment of advances. Travel report and Declaration form  must also be signed and attached  
The employee may take the daily allowance as an advance and later claim full entitlement but all receipts will be required (within the entitled limit). In case the employee does not opt for the official accommodation and makes personal accommodation arrangements, s/he will be provided daily allowance admissible without receipts and no receipts for utilization of daily allowance will be required. If the receipts are required and are not provided, the advance will be charged to the employee’s personal account. If an employee’s expenses exceed the entitled daily allowance, the additional amount will be charged to employee’s personal account. Travel advance in any case will be settled on submission of travel claim form together with travel report as explained in 4.
In case there is a need to adjust any of the above limits due to unavoidable circumstances, the employee may file a request for adjustment with strong justification and documentary evidences. Such requests shall be routed through the supervisor/manager to head of finance department for approval



The travel guide is available https://confizpk.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/sites/process-engineering/_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=V7uGlIXWCH3KGPTQMeW108WKW0ut7kDKyk%2B%2BcCbL5vQ%3D&docid=2_00df76a5210bc4eb69ce801f558aae229&rev=1 with suggested hotels listed https://confizpk.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/process-engineering/_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=afNuxTF30meThSqN9dTyHMxtmZKOPw%2F%2FcpcMCiN0mKo%3D&docid=2_01aa6f6e20f8d4fa6ba29117a6c4e923f&rev=1.
 

T2 Form Approval Process:
If the variance between the already approved T1 forms is upto 5% then line Manager will approve the T2 form, instead of CCO’s approval.
If the variance between the already approved T1 form is upto 10% but not less than 5% then VP will approve the T2 form, instead of CCO’s approval.
If the variance between the already approved T1 form is 10% or above, then only the COO can approve the T2 form as per the existing process.


Relevant Portal Link:
https://hrms1.mydecibel.com/Dashboard/Dashboard_hrsg_New.aspx







COVID19 Advisory and Protocols
What is COVID-19?  
COVID-19 is a disease caused by a new strain of coronavirus. Formerly, this disease was referred to as ‘2019 novel coronavirus’ or ‘2019-nCoV.’ The COVID-19 virus is a new virus linked to the same family of viruses as a severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and some types of the common cold. 





What are the symptoms of COVID-19? 
Symptoms can include fever, cough, and shortness of breath. In more severe cases, the infection can cause pneumonia or breathing difficulties. More rarely, the disease can be fatal. These symptoms are similar to the flu (influenza) or the common cold, which are a lot more common than COVID-19. This is why testing is required to confirm if someone has COVID-19. 






How does COVID-19 spread?  
The virus is transmitted through direct contact with the respiratory droplets of an infected person (generated through coughing and sneezing). Individuals can also be infected by touching surfaces contaminated with the virus and touching their face (e.g., eyes, nose, mouth). The COVID-19 virus may survive on surfaces for several hours, but simple disinfectants can kill it.






​Confiz Dashboard for COVID-19:
Confiz has developed a dashboard to monitor the situation daily and take action accordingly. We have created several protocols based on the number of cases we are receiving. 






Employee Responsibility:

If you are feeling sick or have symptoms, please stay at home and inform your PM and hr@confiz.com
If you are taking care of a sick family member, please stay at home and inform your PM and hr@confiz.com
If you get yourself tested and the result is positive, please stay at home and inform your PM and hr@confiz.com
After testing positive for COVID-19, only visit office after sharing a negative result report with the HR department
Please follow all SOPs religiously like:
Wearing Mask at all time.
Washing your hands regularly for 20 Seconds or sanitizing it.
Maintain social distancing at all times.
Please do report any violation to hr@confiz.com if you see any.
Cooperate with the Admin and HR teams in compliance.​
Confiz Responsibilities:
Temperature check at all entrances
Availability of Masks and sanitizers at all floors
Regular checks and enforcement of SOPs
Monitor levels and ensure all protocols are followed
COVID testing fee Reimbursement for self and family 
​COVID test fee will be reimbursed in case of a positive report, claim should be supported by actual bills and report
In case of negative report reimbursement can be claimed supported with bills, reports and Doctor's prescription 





Some informative links:
​COVID.GOV.PK​ : https://covid.gov.pk/
​WHO Advisory : https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/advice-for-public
Confiz Vaccination Guidelines and Policy​ : https://confizpk.sharepoint.com/:b:/r/sites/hr/Shared%20Documents/CONFIZ%20Covid%20Vaccination%20Guidelines.pdf?csf=1&web=1&e=Lbs49j
COVID-19 Vaccination Medical Exemption Form​ : https://confizpk.sharepoint.com/:b:/r/sites/hr/Shared%20Documents/Covid_Medical_Exemption_Form.pdf?csf=1&web=1&e=jvMtW8







Daycare Policy
Objective
The purpose of daycare policy is to support working parents balance their responsibilities at home and work more efficiently.




Usage of Daycare
Employees may use the daycare reimbursement to cover eligible daycare expenses, including but not limited to:
Daycare centers
Preschools
After-school programs
Employees will bear the cost of the initial registration fee (if any) as the daycare reimbursement allowance only caters to monthly childcare charges.
Day Care reimbursement limit shall be prorated for employees joining and leaving the organization during the month.





Limits
The following are the applicable limits:
Monthly Limit Per Child: PKR 6,000/-
Maximum No. of Children: 2 
Child Age Limit: 6 Years





​​​​​​​Claim Process
Daycare reimbursement can be claimed via the Decibel portal for processing with the regular monthly payroll. A scanned copy of the proper receipt/bill shall be attached bearing the name of the child.




Miscellaneous





Receipts/bills older than 03 months will not stay valid for reimbursement.
The company reserves the right to obtain a Child Registration Certificate / B-form from the employee.
The submission of a fraudulent claim will result in disciplinary measures.




Referrals
Confiz always strives to develop the policies which are beneficial for both the organization and employees. Keeping that in mind following referral policy is introduced. 
A different value of referral bonus is assigned to each open job, which varies significantly based on the urgency and importance of the vacant position.  Some positions carry greater cash rewards, some will minor and some may not have any cash reward but every referral surely carry certain points, which keep accumulating for a certain period of time.
Based on these points a leader is declared after every six months, who enjoys an appreciation letter and interesting gift/s. Leader board is visible on Simplicant https://confiz.simplicant.com/referrals/leaderboard to everyone in the company.  All of you can keep an eye on the board to see how your referrals are doing and who is leading the board.


You can refer the jobs to your friends using Refer friends or Share jobs at your social networks.




Here is the policy on referral points: https://confiz.simplicant.com/user_actions/list. The number of points is the same for every position and these are in addition to cash bonus, if assigned to any position.




The payment of cash bonus (if any) will be made on completion of three months of service of the individual or on completion of probation period (whichever falls later). 




To ensure that your referral is recorded, please email HR once the candidate applies & after 3 months or end of probation period (whichever is later) of referrals' employment. This intimation is only required for the positions which carry some cash bonus.




HR team is not considered for either referral bonus or leader-board competition.











Best Practises
Whats in a Name
​​​It is always a pleasant surprise when someone takes care not to mispronounce your name. Especially in a formal, business setting, mispronouncing or misspelling someones name can lead to a rocky start and eventually a rocky relationship itself.
Here are bits of advice when it comes to foreign-sounding names.
Google is your friend. If you hear a new name and are not sure how to spell it, Google it. If you read a name and arent sure how to pronounce it, Google it.
Always take care not to misspell someones name. People take offense, almost always.
Its always OK to ask someone how they prefer to pronounce their name. Its a great icebreaker and shows that you care. Not a bad thing for someone in the services profession.
At the end of the day, the name of the game is Empathy. Be empathetic and respectful. To a person as well as their name.​

Trust and Reputation
​Trust and Reputation ​wit​h Customer​​​​
​​It is our moral and legal duty to be very diligent about customer data, credentials, and assets. Even the smallest mistakes hurt our reputation and get us into trouble. It takes years to build trust and reputation with fortune customers and its sanctity should be the top priority for each and every one of us.
Please never share your GIT password with anyone. Never ask for anyones GIT password.
Never upload any customer asset (code, files, credentials) into a public GIT repo.
Never put password and access information in plain text in any file.
And never do ALL of the above together.
We should never slack and cut short processes. We should always be diligent and follow the right practices of source code management. We are privileged to work with the biggest corporations in the world and they have security measures set up beyond our imagination. 
If you have not done GIT training, there are many available including at Confiz LMS. If you do not know how to manage credentials, ask your ​TL/PM. Tough we are tightening our audit checklists to catch these issues, in the end, each and every one of us is responsible for not breaking customers trust.​​



Sacred Oath to our Customers​
As we work for our valued customers, the day-night, weekday-weekend boundaries blur for us. We are committed to their success and consider ourselves as an extension of them - cherishing their every success and working very hard to contribute to it. This is the Confiz spirit, and it is the core of our value proposition to our customers. However, just as we value our customers success so much that we turn our lives upside down to contribute to it; we must also uphold all the other promises that we have made to them. The most important of that is the confidentiality agreement that we have with them. Several of our customers don’t have a referenceable customer agreement with us; this means that we CAN NOT publicly acknowledge our association with them on any social forum or any other public platform e.g. Resumes, LinkedIn/Facebook profiles etc. 
Publicly disclosing the name of such a customer can not only create an embarrassing situation for Confiz but can also subject Confiz to serious legal repercussions. Such lapses may also expose our valued customers to unwarranted scrutiny and serious problems with their stakeholders. Please note that this is not unique to Confiz, this is a standard protocol across all of the IT Industry and our customers expect every single one of us to know of this and take this very seriously.​


Variable Incentive Policy



What is Variable Incentive?
Variable Incentive is target based compensation which is given along with Base Salary to align individuals with various business goals. Payment of Variable Incentive is not guaranteed since the amount is determined based on short-term or long-term key performance indicators (KPIs).




Eligibility of Variable Incentive
Most roles involved in sales, account management and business development are entitled for Variable Incentive. Senior roles in delivery and support functions where the scope of responsibility of the position determines the strategic direction of the organization are also eligible for variable incentives.  
The People & Culture team is responsible for evaluating relevant positions in line with business objectives to determine the eligibility of Variable Incentives. Data is maintained by P&C, which includes employees entitled to variable incentives along with the standard amount of variable incentive, which is usually derived from the base salary of the employee.
Every individual who is eligible for a variable Incentive must have a variable incentive sheet with defined KPIs / Targets along with a target Variable Incentive against each KPI.




General Rules for Variable Incentive
Following are general rules for Variable Incentive:
Incentive Calculation:


The incentive for each of the KPIs above will be calculated by (Achieved – Min. Threshold)/ (Target – Min. Threshold) * OTC for that KPI unless otherwise specified. (OTC means On Target Compensation).


Payouts are contingent on achieving the minimum threshold; no payouts will be made if the threshold is not met.


Quarterly targets and actuals are cumulative for most of the financial KPIs, meaning subsequent quarters target and actual amounts are inclusive of targets and actual amounts of preceding quarters of the financial year. For example, Q2 target and actual will include Q1 target and actual.


Each quarter's actual payout amount will be the total incentive made in that quarter less the incentive amount already paid in previous quarters. For example, Q2 payout will be calculated as per target and actual and then the payout amount will be less the amount paid already in Q1.


Overachievement and underachievement in each quarter will be paid out/adjusted at the end of the fiscal year. At the end of the fiscal year, full and final amounts for each KPIs will be calculated and total amounts less already paid out will be disbursed or deducted in case of underachievement where total incentive for the year is less the what’s already paid in previous quarters.  For example, If Commitment Target for Q2 is $200,000 with Target Incentive of $10,000 and actual Commitment turns out to be $250,00, then $10,000 shall be paid for this KPI in Q2.
If an employee decides to leave the organization before completion of the financial year, variable incentive already paid up to last full quarters shall be considered as final. In case of underachievement in previous quarters there shall be adjustment in final settlement or monthly payroll of the employee. E.g. if an employee’s last working day falls in February and Q1 Variable Incentive of $5,000 has been paid. Due to underachievement in Q2, excess incentive turns out to be $1,000. Same shall be adjusted in final settlement / payroll of the employee.
Not all Targets are quarterly based. There are some KPIs where Target and VI payout is annual e.g., OKR Score, Team Retention etc.



Commitment/Revenue/Cost/New Account Recognition:
Commitment - All commitments that are supported by signed agreement, PO, SOW, etc. by the last day of the quarter will be eligible for incentive calculation of that quarter.  For year-end, commitments that were in progress during the quarter / year but formally signed within 10 days after year-end shall also be considered.
Revenue - All work delivered where the invoice for such work has been accepted by the customer for payment shall be counted as revenue. In cases where such work has been delivered but not invoiced, recognition of such work into revenue shall be done as per standard accounting practice.
Costs - Costs are booked in the same month they are incurred or when revenue is recognized to adhere to the matching concept. In cases where cost information is not immediately available, estimations or actual cost data (bills) will be used for margin calculations.
New Account - New Account will be the customer who has not worked with Confiz in the past 3 years unless otherwise specified. Minimum revenue will be predefined for new customer acquisition.




Partner Margin Deduction & Rebate Expenses:
Commitments are calculated after deducting rebate expense and margin of a partner if the sale is made through a partner.
Any rebate expense incurred by the company, such as Walmart-related rebate costs, will factor into revenue/Gross Margin (GM).




Variable Incentive Claw-back:
Any incentive paid by the company on sale, revenue, or profit assumes that such sale, revenue, or profit is materialized in the company’s books to full effect. Instances of revenue reversals, where the company doesn’t fully benefit from a transaction and provisions made for potential bad debts will also be considered and adjustments will be made accordingly.
Any incentive paid to individuals shall be recovered from future compensation of such individuals in the event that such transactions don’t fully materialize as envisioned at the time of making the payment for such incentive. ​​​​​​​Following are the conditions:
Recovery, referred to as incentive claw-back, must be fully recovered within 3 years’ period for an active employee from the payment of the incentive to the employee.
Each year the minimum contribution from the employee of claw-back incentive should be 50% of their standard variable incentive for the current financial year.
During the claw-back period, the employee must maintain a minimum PF balance equal to the recovery amount. If the PF balance is low, the employee cannot opt for a PF withdrawal. This applies to Pakistan only.
If an employee with an outstanding claw-back incentive decides to leave the organization (voluntarily or In-voluntarily), they will have to pay back the recovery amount before their last working day with the organization.

 

Payment of Variable Incentive
Payment for each quarter/cycle will be paid out within 45 days of the quarterly/cycle closure except Q4.
For year-end/Q4, final payout this will be made within 60 days.

Variable Incentive – FAQs 
Amount of Targets assigned to me is different than what was shared to Finance in the beginning of the year? 
Targets are as per the budget finalized by Finance (available in Power BI). Some variances may exist because numbers might have changed in some cases during finalization of budget.



Since variable incentive is quarterly based, why Quarterly Targets and Actuals are cumulative? 
Variable Incentive Targets are actually annual based, quarterly payments may be considered as an advance / tentative form of payment. Quarterly Targets and VI payout exist to ensure employees are aware of their performance during the year.



Why my Quarterly Target Incentive is less than ¼ (25%) of my annual Target Incentive?  
Quarterly variable incentive amount for financial components is set in proportion to the annual target. For example, if Q1 commitment target is only 10% of annual commitment target, the variable incentive for this KPI in Q1 will also be 10% of the annual incentive for this KPI. 
Also, not all KPIs payouts are quarterly based, some targets are annual based e.g. OKR Score, team retention etc. and their payment shall be made after closure of financial year with Q4 VI payout. 



Will there be any deduction from my salary in case of underachievement where excess incentive payout has been made in previous quarters? 
Underachievement shall be adjusted at the end of fiscal year with Q4 VI payout and no deduction from salary shall be made in Q2 and Q3. However, if negative VI (underachievement) in Q4 is greater than VI payout of other KPIs in Q4 then excess incentive paid shall be recovered from salary.  




I have been assigned some KPIs which are not in my full control? 
There are things in the organization which are interrelated, and results can only be achieved through collaboration. External factors which may seem uncontrollable must be managed through teamwork and problem identification.




Payment of Q1 & Q2 variable incentive has been made to me. If I resign during Q3, will I have to return the variable incentive already paid?
Variable Incentive shall not be returned to the Company in this case and variable incentive already paid up to last full quarters shall be considered as final.

 

 